maint(resources): adding GitHub actions workflow for Docker builds (#14674)
keymanapp/keyman: resources/docker-images/README.md

resources/docker-images/run.sh :web --registry 'myregistry:5678' --username 'user' --password 'password' -- web/build.sh test
```

## Running GitHub Actions locally

There exist [GitHub actions for building the Docker images](../../.github/workflows/build-test-publish-docker.yml).

> Mainly for test resaons The workflow can be started locally.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
For testing and developing the workflow can be started locally.
```
